Parables is a collection of Zend Framework components and resources.

See parables-demo at http://github.com/mlurz71/parables-demo/tree for a basic
reference application.

I welcome feedback and patches. Fork at will!!

Most of the components are application resource plugins that I threw together
while working with and testing out Zend_Application.

The only component that has receieved much attention thus far is the Doctrine
application resource plugin. Unfortunately, I recently managed to hose a
branch of this component (Don't even ask..in the end it undoubtedly boils down
to operator error. I have much to learn about git). At any rate, I hope to
rework those changes soon (within a month or so) and move on.

Once that component is relatively stable for Doctrine 1.1, I intend to do a
quick once over of the remaining components (with special attention given to
those components for which I have submitted proposals).

Down the road even further, I'd really like to work on a form generator for
the sake of becoming more intimately familiar with Zend_Form as well as
automating the task as much as possible. There are at least a few reference
implementation out in the wild, so I may prefer to reuse one of these.

At some point I would also like to take a full survery of any existing
Doctrine/ZF work being done outside of the framework in an attempt to compile
"best of breed" solutions to common challenges Doctrine/ZF developers face.

--------------------

Application_Resource_Defaultnamespace provides initialization of the default
session namespace

--------------------

Application_Resource_Doctrine provides configuration of the Doctrine manager,
connections and paths

See the ZF proposal here:
http://framework.zend.com/wiki/display/ZFPROP/Zend_Application_Resource_Doctrine+-+Matthew+Lurz

--------------------

Application_Resource_Doctype provides configuration of doctype declarations

--------------------

Application_Resource_Dojo provides configuration of Zend_Dojo

--------------------

Application_Resource_Headlinks provides configuration of <link> elements

--------------------

Application_Resource_Headmetas provides configuration of <meta> elements

--------------------

Application_Resource_Headscripts provides configuration of <script> elements

--------------------

Application_Resource_Headstyles provides configuration of <style> elements

--------------------

Application_Resource_Headtitles provides configuration of the <title> element

--------------------

Application_Resource_Includefilecache provides configuration of the include
file cache

--------------------

Application_Resource_Jquery provides configuration of ZendX_Jquery

--------------------

Application_Resource_Log provides configuration of logging resources

--------------------

Log_Writer_Doctrine logs data to a Doctrine_Table

See the ZF proposal here:
http://framework.zend.com/wiki/display/ZFPROP/Zend_Log_Writer_Doctrine+-+Matthew+Lurz

--------------------

Plugin_DojoBuildGenerator is a front controller plugin to assist with
automated build generation for Dojo.

--------------------

Session_SaveHandler_Doctrine saves session data to a Doctrine_Table

See the ZF proposal here:
http://framework.zend.com/wiki/display/ZFPROP/Zend_Session_SaveHandler_Doctrine+-+Matthew+Lurz

